# App.net - Privacy Policy

Last Updated: August 23, 2012

This Privacy Policy describes how Mixed Media Labs, Inc. ("**Mixed Media
Labs**," "**We**," "**Us**," or "**Our**") protects your privacy when you use
App.net (the "**Service**") which includes the Web site located at
alpha.app.net (the "**Sites**").

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE,
YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE.

This Privacy Policy applies to information (including, personal information)
collected through the Service. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy,
"personal information" means information that identifies you personally,
either alone or in combination with other information available to us.
Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data
we collect about the use of the Service or about a group or category of
services or users, from which individual identities or other personal
information has been removed. This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or
limits our collection and use of aggregate information, and we may share
aggregate data about our users with third parties for various purposes. This
Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into Mixed Media Labs's [Terms and
Conditions of Use ](/legal/terms/) ("**Site Terms**").

## The What & How of Information We Collect

Personal information may be collected in a number of ways. We may collect
certain information that you voluntarily provide to us which may contain
personal information. For example, we may collect your name, email address,
user name, credit card, social network information and other information you
provide us when you register, set up an account, contact us by email or use
our services. We may also obtain information from other companies and combine
that with information we collect on the Service.

When you visit the Sites, some information may be automatically collected. For
example, it is standard for your Web browser to automatically send information
to every Web site you visit including ours. Such information includes your
computer's Internet Protocol ("**IP**") address, access times, browser type
and language, and referring Web site addresses. We may also collect
information about your phone or computer's operating system and information
about your usage and activity on the Site.

Cookies – We may automatically collect certain information through the use of
"cookies." Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive by
a Web site. Among other things, the use of cookies helps us to improve the
Site and your experience on the Site. We use cookies to see which areas and
features of the Site are most popular, to count the number of computers
accessing the Site, to personalize your experience and to remember your
preferences. If your browser is set not to accept cookies or if you reject a
cookie, you may not be able to access certain features or services of the
Site.

Web Beacons – Web beacons, also known as gifs, are electronic images that may
be used on the Site or in our emails. A Web beacon may be used on our Web
pages to collect information, deliver cookies, count visits, compile
statistics on usage and campaign effectiveness and in our emails to tell if an
email has been opened and acted upon.

## Storage of Information & Transfer of Data

Most of the information we collect is retained by us on our servers. If you
are using the Service from a country other than the country in which our Web
servers are located (currently the United States of America) the various
communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across
international boundaries. By visiting the Site and communicating
electronically with us, you consent to the processing and transfer of your
data as set out in this Privacy Policy.

## How We Use Your Personal Information

We use the information collected through the Service: (i) to provide the
services, products, or information you request, and to process and complete
any transactions in connection therewith; (ii) to request feedback and to
otherwise contact you about your use of the Sites; (iii) to respond to your
emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests, and complaints and provide
customer service (iv) to conduct analytics and reporting, monitor and analyze
site usage and trends and personalize and improve the Sites, the App.net
Platform, and our services; (v) to provide you with news and information about
our or third party events, activities, offers, promotions, products, and
services we think will be of interest to you; (vi) to send you confirmations,
updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages and
otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the
Sites; (vii) to notify you about important changes to the Service; and (viii)
for any other purpose for which the information was collected.

## With Whom We Share Your Personal Information

Personal information collected through the Service may be shared with
companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf (for example,
companies that provide data management or other support services to us such as
data storage and Web hosting services).

Also, we may disclose the personal information we collect through the Service
when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to: (i) comply with
applicable law (or a court order or subpoena); (ii) prevent or investigate a
possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) enforce the Site Terms
or other agreements that govern your use of the Service and/or our services;
(iv) to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others; or
(v) to protect your vital interests.

Personal information submitted to the Service or collected by us is our asset
and will become part of our normal business records. Your personal information
and other data collected by us may be transferred to another company that has
acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger,
reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the
acquiring company's use of your personal information will still be subject to
this Privacy Policy.

## Opt-Out

You may "opt-out" of receiving promotional communications including, but not
limited to, promotional emails, from us by emailing us at support@app.net.
Transactional service communications including, but not limited to, messages
about your registration, will not be subject to the foregoing opt-out
procedures.

## Security of Your Personal Information

We take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information
(including, preventing the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration and destruction of your personal information). Please be aware,
however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are impenetrable.

If you use a password on the Service, you are responsible for keeping it
confidential. Do not share it with any other person. If you believe your
password has been misused, please advise us immediately.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Sites may contain links to Developer Apps and other websites. Any personal
information you provide on any linked application or pages is provided
directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy
policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites or applications, and
we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and
policies of these websites, applications or any other sites or applications
that are linked to from the Sites. We encourage you to learn about their
privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with
personal information.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may change this Privacy Policy from time-to-time. If we make any changes to
this Privacy Policy, we will change the "Last Updated" date above. We
encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Service to
understand how your personal information is used.

## Questions

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
[support@app.net](mailto:support@app.net).

